401 redirects to login for annonymous users instead of showing the 401 page (#8164)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

A pair of additional scales were added to cover those use cases, enough to cover the highest density screens at the largest common resolutions.
Additionally, if your project relied on the original image to always be present, then you need to either add an additional scale to cover your use case, run the upgrade steps defined in `plone.volto>=6.0.0a0`, or, in Plone 6.2, to use the new image scales named `2k` and `4k`.

> ### 401 error route handling behavior for anonymous user has changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 401 unauthorized error route handling behaviors have changed
```

```{versionadded} Volto 19.0.0-alpha.32
```

> The handling of 401 (Unauthorized) errors for anonymous users has been changed to improve user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The handling of 401 Unauthorized errors for anonymous users has been changed to improve the user experience.
```

Now, instead of showing the 401 error page, the user will be redirected to the login page when they encounter a 401 error while being anonymous.

> This matches Plone 6 classic behavior and aligns with user expectations when trying to access protected content without being authenticated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when an anonymous user attempted to access a resource that required authorization, the 401 unauthorized error page would be displayed.
Now the user will be redirected to the login page.
This matches Plone 6 Classic UI behavior and aligns with user expectations.
```

> Please notice that when you are authenticated and you try to access a protected content that you don't have permissions to access, you will trigger a 403 (Forbidden) error page, which is the expected behavior in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, an authenticated user who attempts to access a protected resource for which they lack permission will see a 403 Forbidden error page.
This is the correct behavior, whereas previously they would see a 401 Unauthorized error page.
```

A pair of additional scales were added to cover those use cases, enough to cover the highest density screens at the largest common resolutions.
Additionally, if your project relied on the original image to always be present, then you need to either add an additional scale to cover your use case, run the upgrade steps defined in `plone.volto>=6.0.0a0`, or, in Plone 6.2, to use the new image scales named `2k` and `4k`.

### 401 unauthorized error route handling behaviors have changed
```{versionadded} Volto 19.0.0-alpha.32
```

The handling of 401 Unauthorized errors for anonymous users has been changed to improve the user experience.
Previously, when an anonymous user attempted to access a resource that required authorization, the 401 unauthorized error page would be displayed.
Now the user will be redirected to the login page.
This matches Plone 6 Classic UI behavior and aligns with user expectations.

Additionally, an authenticated user who attempts to access a protected resource for which they lack permission will see a 403 Forbidden error page.

> This is the correct behavior, whereas previously they would see a 401 Unauthorized error page.

Reviewer: Actually, is this true? We discussed it, but it turns out it's not easy to do in Zope.

Author: The actual response is not 403 which is what is difficult in Zope, but the views show the correct error page depending on the use case now, so I guess it's good enough (like the behavior in Classic).

> This is the correct behavior, whereas previously they would see a 401 Unauthorized error page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An authenticated user who attempts to access a protected resource for which they lack permission will still see an Unauthorized error page.
```
